Tell me about the Ritmos 60.
Tell me about the Joju.
Tell me about the Bronx Documentary Center.
Tell me about the Hank’s Pizza.
Tell me about the Veterans Memorial Park of Fairview.
Tell me about the Unique Omakase.
Tell me about the Music Hall of Williamsburg.
Tell me about the First Round's on Me Social Club.
Tell me about the McDonald's.
Tell me about the Santa Barbara Deli.
Tell me about the Yama Ramen.
Tell me about the La Bella.
Tell me about the Buck House.
Tell me about the Kyuubi Omakase.
Tell me about the Gagosian.
Tell me about the Ribalta.
Tell me about the Broadway Theatre.
Tell me about the Seven Grams Caffé.
Tell me about the Ootoya.
Tell me about the Dunkin'.
Tell me about the Trattoria Spaghetto.
Tell me about the Proletariat.
Tell me about the Joe Coffee Company.
Tell me about the Popeyes.
Tell me about the The Bean.
Tell me about the Food Sing.
Tell me about the Bagel Boss.
Tell me about the Geisha Sushi.
Tell me about the Softside Ice Cream.
Tell me about the Famous Famiglia.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Izakaya Noname and the El San Juan Restaurant.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel Manhattan Plaza and the Frost Restaurant.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Moishe's Kosher Bakery and the AbuQir Seafood.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Applejack Diner and the Caroline's Donuts.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Rhythm Zero - Williamsburg and the Blenoir Crêpes and Cafe.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Jumong Pocha and the Crystal Lake Park.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the 99¢ Pizza and the Dear Mama Coffee.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Dunkin' and the Black Fox Coffee.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the West 184th Street and the INTER IAM.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Spectacle Theater and the Sarge's Delicatessan & Diner.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Thai Son and the Starbucks.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Lucky Cheng's and the Subway.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the 2788 Bagels and the The Place Pizzeria & Bar.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Bowery Meat Company and the Tiltz.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Motorino and the Edge.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Fort Lee Museum at the Judge Moore House and the Planet Taco.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Dunkin and the Hyake.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Da Marino and the The Wolfe.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Think Coffee and the Coopers Craft & Kitchen.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the The Irish Punt and the Karma Gallery.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the le Réveil and the Lamb's Bread.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Michael Altman Fine Art and the The New York Society Library.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Mr. Buncha and the Ebenezer Gospel Tabernacle.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Bar Veloce and the Sal's.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Flex Mussels and the Taco Mahal.
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Morningside Heights in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Financial District in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Flatiron District in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Upper East Side in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Greenwich Village in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Harlem in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Tribeca in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of SoHo in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Lower East Side in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Midtown in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Washington Heights in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Inwood in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Upper West Side in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Hell's Kitchen in Manhattan?
What interesting places are within 400 meters of Chelsea in Manhattan?
Plan a walking tour of Morningside Heights for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Financial District for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Flatiron District for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Upper East Side for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Greenwich Village for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Harlem for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Tribeca for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of SoHo for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Lower East Side for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Midtown for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Washington Heights for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Inwood for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Upper West Side for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Hell's Kitchen for a first-time visitor.
Plan a walking tour of Chelsea for a first-time visitor.
Take me on a walking tour of brownstones in Brooklyn.
What's the history of the Apollo Theater? (note: out of Manhattan scope)
Plan a walk through Astoria, Queens.
Tell me about the Eiffel Tower.
Plan a tour of Roosevelt Island gardens.
What's there to see in Hoboken across the river?
Show me landmarks in the Bronx Zoo area.
Take me to the fictional 'Vandelay Plaza' on 42nd Street.
Plan a walking tour of Coney Island.
Tell me about Williamsburg's industrial history.
