Plan a walking tour that hits both the Izakaya Noname and the El San Juan Restaurant.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel Manhattan Plaza and the Frost Restaurant.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Moishe's Kosher Bakery and the AbuQir Seafood.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Applejack Diner and the Caroline's Donuts.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Rhythm Zero - Williamsburg and the Blenoir Crêpes and Cafe.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Jumong Pocha and the Crystal Lake Park.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the 99¢ Pizza and the Dear Mama Coffee.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Dunkin' and the Black Fox Coffee.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the West 184th Street and the INTER IAM.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Spectacle Theater and the Sarge's Delicatessan & Diner.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Thai Son and the Starbucks.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Lucky Cheng's and the Subway.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the 2788 Bagels and the The Place Pizzeria & Bar.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Bowery Meat Company and the Tiltz.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Motorino and the Edge.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Fort Lee Museum at the Judge Moore House and the Planet Taco.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Dunkin and the Hyake.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Da Marino and the The Wolfe.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Think Coffee and the Coopers Craft & Kitchen.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the The Irish Punt and the Karma Gallery.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the le Réveil and the Lamb's Bread.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Michael Altman Fine Art and the The New York Society Library.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Mr. Buncha and the Ebenezer Gospel Tabernacle.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Bar Veloce and the Sal's.
Plan a walking tour that hits both the Flex Mussels and the Taco Mahal.
